OCPBUGS-88451: Remove redundant waitFor calls in Playwright e2e tests, re-enable flaking tests after getting started fix (#16583)
openshift/console: .claude/migration-context.md

| Cypress                                                  | Playwright                                                                                                                                                |
| -------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `cy.wait(3000)`                                          | **AVOID.** Use `await expect(locator).toBeVisible()` or condition-based waits. Only use `page.waitForTimeout()` as absolute last resort during debugging. |

Reviewer: This is the one pointed out by you over slack right? maybe we should refrase to avoid confution or ambiguity: 
```suggestion
| `cy.wait(3000)`                                          |  Use web assertions e.g. `await expect(locator).toBeVisible()` or condition-based waits. Only use `page.waitForTimeout()` as absolute last resort during debugging. |
```

```typescript
// WRONG — redundant waitFor before an action
await input.waitFor({ state: 'visible' });
await input.fill('text');

// WRONG — redundant waitFor before robustClick
await action.waitFor({ state: 'visible', timeout: 10_000 });
await this.robustClick(action);

// RIGHT — actions auto-wait for actionability
await input.fill('text');
await this.robustClick(action);

// RIGHT — if you need a custom timeout, pass it to the action
await input.fill('text', { timeout: 10_000 });
await action.click({ timeout: 10_000 });
```

Only use explicit `waitFor()` when you need to wait for an element **without acting on it** — e.g., confirming navigation completed, or waiting for loading indicators to disappear:

```typescript
// OK — waiting for a state transition, not an action
await page.getByTestId('loading-indicator').waitFor({ state: 'detached' });

// OK — confirming the editor loaded before reading its content (not an action on the element)

> await page.getByTestId('code-editor').waitFor({ state: 'visible' });

Reviewer: We could also add another stronger alternative, which is to add it in conjunction with `or()`. Let's say we have a modal with either error or success (so there are two possible locators): 
```suggestion
await page.getByTestId('code-editor').waitFor({ state: 'visible' });

const successMessage = page.getByTestId('.success-message');
const errorMessage = page.getByTestId('.error-message');
// Use the .or() combinator and wait for either one to appear
await successMessage.or(errorMessage).waitFor({ state: 'visible' });
```
